You've made it to the compliance lesson in this course.
Compliance is oftentimes what folks think
of when they think about governance, risk, and compliance.
You'll see why, as we move throughout the course.
In this lesson, we'll discuss compliance.
It's the final piece of the GRC puzzle.
What's interesting about compliance is it's probably
the least flexible of all three GRC roles,
meaning that your approach to compliance will likely be more structured.
We'll learn about that approach as we
look at some of the sources for compliance obligations,
how we evaluate those obligations.
Then finally, we'll discuss how
an organization's obligations intersect with security controls in control assessments.
更多新版课程跟代码还有一对一VIP服务请加wx：udacity6